In the previous few tutorials we learned how to deal with errors that can occur while applauding a daughter
from a raw table into your working table.
And we use these Gnumeric these they tend to lend functions to achieve the desired results in the next
few tutorials.
I'm going to show you how to perform additional Q8 checks on your door.
So let's get ahead and jump straight into it.
We're going to copy this comment header at the top and we're going to replicate it under the insert
into part and this time we're going to call it additional exclusions.
Next we're going to look at the balance code.
So sometimes you and your daughter said you might have additional knowledge about it and you might know
that for instance the balance cannot be less than zero.
So let's go ahead and check if there are any columns in our daughter where the balance is less than
zero.
This time we're going to select star from and not the raw table but the working title because it's been
popular and we can work it now.
So again so I start from the working table.
And here we're going to type in where baluns or actually to be fair I should copy this balance because
this is now the name of the column where the balance is less than zero.
And so let's go ahead and run just as bit.
So here you can see that there's one row where balance is less than zero.
And once again it might be OK for your daughter to have negative balances and that's fine.
But in this case Number one I happen to know that the balance cannot be less than zero.
I have that domain knowledge.
This is just an example so you might have different domain knowledge about a specific numerical column
in your daughter and you might want to check that.
Maybe it can be greater than zero or it cannot be.
It has to be between 10 and 100 so you might have to check that's some specific quality of your daughter
.
And number two is that it gives you kind of kind of a hint when one out of thousand rows matches a criteria
Usually that's an anomaly.
So if if negative balances were OK then probably I would have a bit more rows that had negative balances
but one out of 200000 does not sound right when you think about it that way.
So we're going to school this.
But before you do if you want to investigate it further in this case we're not going to go into the
depths of investigating further and creating a file to store store the Sarah.
But if you do want to investigate further then you obviously need to copy Destro the easiest way is
to just copied from here and put it copy of headers obvious and then put it into a text file in that
folder where we're saving all the rows that we want to investigate.
Or you can copy it into a separate table.
But at this stage we're not going to focus on that because it's quite simple to do this which is going
to exclude it as is.
And then in the conclusion of the section I will actually show you that this information is not lost
that we don't know if we ever need to we will know how to find this row one more time.
So we're going to delete this row now and to do that you need to select the select star part of your
query replace it with simply delete without a star and then you highlight this bit that you want to
run and you execute it and you can see that one row has been affected.
So let's copy that and put a comment and paste that in so we know in the future that it was exactly
one row that we deleted.
So that's how you run additional exclusions in the next digit or else I'll show you a few more examples
.